# kast 1
citroenthee: 1 doos
bouillon: 4 stuk
groentenbouillon: 50 stuk

# kruiden
kipkruiden: 2 beetje
komijn: 100.0 beetje
cayennepeper: 40 beetje
peper: 50 beetje


# kast 2
choco: 2 pot
honing: .5 pot
bloem: 1 kg
zakdoekjes: 2 doos
zwarte chocola: 100 g
vanillesuiker: 6.0 zak
kinnekessuiker: 0.1 kg
bloemsuiker: 120 g
nesquik: .5 doos
pindakaas: 1 pot
risotto: 400 g
basmati: 400 g
koekjes: 10 stuk

# fruit
druiven: 0 doos
mandarijnen: 0 stuk
appel: 2 stuk
kiwi: 0 stuk
persappelsienen: 10 stuk

# frigo
selder: 0 stuk
paprika: 2 stuk
bakboter: 3 fles
hamblokjes: 0 doos
yoghurtjes: 0 pot
yoghurt: 1 pot
diepvrieserwten: 1.2 kg
gerookte zalm: 1 pak
gouda: 7 plakje
ijsbergsla: 1 stuk
leerdammer: 0 plakje
komkommer: 1 stuk
prei: 3 stuk
ei: 12 stuk


# berging
zwanworstjes: 0 blik
confituur: 1 pot

bloem: 0 kg

krulletjes: 0 g
spaghetti: 1500 g
pasta: 500 g

perziken in blik: 0 blik
kippenkruiden: 0 beetje
mayo: 0 fles
fruit: 0 stuk
sesamolie: 0.0 beetje
koekjes: 18 stuk
tomaten passata: 2 doos
kotelet: 0 stuk
appelmoes: 0 pot
melk: 0 liter
koriander: 0 beetje
wraps: 0 stuk
prei: 0 stuk

rode kool: 2 pot
witte kool: 0 stuk
melk lactosevrij: 9 liter
ijsbergsla: 0 stuk
ketchup: 1 fles
risotto: 0. kg
ui: 5 stuk
patat: 40 stuk
wortel: 16 stuk
witloof: 0 stuk
mais: 4 blik
keukenrol: 6 stuk
tomatenconcentraat: 7 blik
tomaten passata: 2 doos
senseo: 14 stuk
pastakruiden: 1 pot
nootmuskaat: 50 beetje
currysaus: 11 zak

# diepvries
kroketten: 1 zak
chipolata: 0 stuk
diepvries broccoli: 1 zak
diepvries erwtjes: 1 zak
veggie gyros: 0.6 kg
falafel: 40 stuk

cornetto: 0 stuk
schepijs: 1 liter

