# kast 1
citroenthee: 1 doos
bouillon: 4 stuk
groentenbouillon: 8 stuk

# kruiden
kipkruiden: 2 beetje
komijn: 100.0 beetje
cayennepeper: 50 beetje

# kast 2
choco: 0.2 pot
honing: 1 pot
bloem: 1 kg
zakdoekjes: 2 doos
zwarte chocola: 100 g
vanillesuiker: 6.0 zak
kinnekessuiker: 0.8 kg
bloemsuiker: 120 g
nesquik: 1.0 doos

# fruit
druiven: 0 doos
mandarijnen: 10 stuk
appel: 10 stuk
kiwi: 5 stuk
persappelsienen: 0 stuk

# frigo
lactosevrije yoghurt: 4 pot
gehakt: 300 g
kippenbout: 0 stuk
kipfilet: 0 g
biefstuk: 0 stuk
vinaigrette: 3 zak
selder: 0 stuk
paprika: 2 stuk
bakboter: 3 fles
hamblokjes: 0 doos
yoghurtjes: 0 pot
diepvrieserwten: 1.2 kg
leerdammer: 4 plakje
yoghurt: 0 pot

# berging
zwanworstjes: 0 blik
confituur: .5 pot

bloem: 2.2 kg

krulletjes: 250 g
perziken in blik: 1 blik
kippenkruiden: 100.0 beetje
mayo: 1.0 fles
fruit: 0 stuk
sesamolie: 10.0 beetje
koekjes: 15 stuk
tomaten passata: 2 doos
kotelet: 0 stuk
appelmoes: 1 pot
melk: 0 liter
koriander: 0 beetje
wraps: 12 stuk
prei: 0 stuk

rode kool: 2 pot
witte kool: 0 stuk
melk lactosevrij: 0 liter
ijsbergsla: 0 stuk
ketchup: 1 fles
risotto: 0.7 kg
ui: 15 stuk
droge kikkererwten: 1100.0 g
patat: 40 stuk
wortel: 6 stuk
witloof: 0 stuk
mais: 0 blik
keukenrol: 6 stuk

# diepvries
kroketten: 2 zak
chipolata: 0 stuk
diepvries broccoli: 1 zak
tomatenconcentraat: 7 blik
tomaten passata: 3 doos
gerookte zalm: 1 pak
senseo: 0 stuk
pastakruiden: 1 pot
nootmuskaat: 50 beetje
ei: 12 stuk
banaan: 0 stuk
kalkoenschnitzel: 0 stuk
spaghetti: 500 g
currysaus: 12 zak
pasta: 0 g
granola: 1.5 zak
puddingpoeder: 3 zak
